README.md, before:

# <img src="lightning_commerce.png" width="32"> Acquia Commerce Lightning distribution

A Composer-based installer for the [Lightning for Commerce](https://github.com/acquia/lightning-commerce) Drupal distribution.

## Getting Started
First you need to install [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-linux-unix-osx) and [Git](https://git-scm.com).

> Note: The instructions below refer to the [global composer installation](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#globally).
You might need to replace `composer` with `php composer.phar` (or similar) for your setup.

After that you can create the project:

```
$ composer create-project acquia/lightning-commerce-project MY_PROJECT
```

Composer will create a new directory called MY_PROJECT containing a ```docroot``` directory with a full Lightning for Commerce code base there. You can then install it like you would any other Drupal site.


## Copyright and license

   Acquia Lightning for Commerce Project
   
   Copyright (C) 2018 Acquia Inc.

   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
   (at your option) any later version.

   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
   with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
   51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

Commit message:

Bump supported PHP versions to at least 7.1. (#7)
* Bump Lightning for Commerce version.

* Bump supported PHP versions to at least 7.1.

README.md, after:

# <img src="lightning_commerce.png" width="32"> Acquia Commerce Lightning distribution

A Composer-based installer for the [Lightning for Commerce](https://github.com/acquia/lightning-commerce) Drupal distribution.

## Getting Started
First you need to install [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-linux-unix-osx) and [Git](https://git-scm.com). From version 1.6.0 we also require at least PHP7.1.

> Note: The instructions below refer to the [global composer installation](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#globally).
You might need to replace `composer` with `php composer.phar` (or similar) for your setup.

After that you can create the project:

```
$ composer create-project acquia/lightning-commerce-project MY_PROJECT
```

Composer will create a new directory called MY_PROJECT containing a ```docroot``` directory with a full Lightning for Commerce code base there. You can then install it like you would any other Drupal site.


## Copyright and license

   Acquia Lightning for Commerce Project
   
   Copyright (C) 2018 Acquia Inc.

   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
   (at your option) any later version.

   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
   with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
   51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
